HW 6
Zach Halvorsen

424-3

Part 1-
There are several major problems with using a processor's time stamp counter
(TSC). The very first is that many processor do not support a TSC. Most Intel
processor's do but some of their competitors do not. Another problem is that
when a processor has multiple cores it probably has a TSC for each core and more
than likely they will never be synced. Even if you keep your program running on
the same core constantly, it may get suspended or sleep or rest and the count
might change unexpectedly. TSC's are also not portable with different operating
systems. Windows does not support TSC's in the same way Unix does. Another
problem can occur when instructions run out of order. This can cause the counter
to have a different value than expected.

Part 2-
I ran the executable many times and I seemed to always get around 5 exceeds
threshold warnings. This could be considered a strength because it only happened
5 times. At the same time though this could also be a weakness because that
means that the timer will be off around 25% of the time. That seems like quite a
lot. It is a weakness that the value in the timer is only limited to a 32 bit
number. This will overflow quite quickly. It can only be used as a function
timer otherwise it could cause a fatal error. One of the problems discussed
earlier is that the CPU may sleep or be suspended but because the measure
function is constantly running, it should never be run into this issue.

Part 3-
The two values I think best effected the accuracy were: VECVALS and VECMAX. As I
experimented, I found that the lower value I used for both the better. I ended
up going all the way down to VECVALS = 1 and VECMAX = 2. With these values I was
able to average less than 1 exceeded threshold.

Part 4-
